---
title: "Inquiries"
source: "madcap.md"
tags: ["4GL", "Help Documentation"]
version: "1.0"
last_updated: "2026-02-19"
short_description: "Inquiries"
long_description: "Help documentation for Inquiries in the 4GL system."
---

Inquiries
=========

Parts Upload Inquiry
--------------------

This function displays the details of the Parts Master Upload.

1. Choose Toyota ASRS System » Parts Upload Inquiry [TSM63].
2. Change the Process Date if required.
3. The Status defaults to **A**ll**.** Optionally change the Status to only display items that have been **U**ploaded, or **O**pen (items that have not been uploaded to the Toyota system).

The table displays the following: Sequence number within Date, Date and Time logged, File Identification, Status, Mode, Parts Code, Parts Description, Warehouse, Max Stock, Min Stock, Stock Period, Edit Class and Update Result.

Column ST (Status):  
- Blank – Waiting to be Upload to F03  
- ‘U’ – Uploaded to F03

Column C (Mode):

* Function TSM33:
  + ‘A’ - Add
  + ‘U’ – Update
  + ‘D’ – Delete
  + ‘Z’ – Delete All
* Function IN17:
  + ‘A’ – Add
* Function IN18:
  + ‘U’ – Update

Storage Upload Inquiry
----------------------

This function displays the details of the Storage Upload.

1. Choose Toyota ASRS System » Storage Upload Inquiry [TSM61].
2. Change the Process Date if required.
3. The Status defaults to **A**ll. Optionally change the Status to only display items that have been **U**ploaded, or **O**pen (items that have not been uploaded to the Toyota system).

The table displays the following: Sequence number within Date, Date and Time logged, File Identification, storage order number (this is a computer generated number and will be used to match the Results file), Cage Number, Parts Number, Log Number, Heat Number and Storage Quantity.

Retrieval Upload Inquiry
------------------------

This function displays the details of the Retrieval Upload.

1. Choose Toyota ASRS System » Retrieval Upload Inquiry [TSM62].
2. Change the Process Date if required.
3. The Status defaults to **A**ll.Optionally change the Status to only display items that have been **U**ploaded, or **O**pen (items that have not been uploaded to the Toyota system).

The table displays the following: Sequence number within Date, Date and Time logged, File Identification, Status, Retrieval Order number (this is the sales order number and will be used to match the Results file), Parts Description, From/To, Parts Number, Log Number, Heat Number, Picking Quantity, Picking Time and Status.

Storage Results Inquiry
-----------------------

This function displays the results of the Storage Upload.

1. Choose Toyota ASRS System » Storage Results Inquiry (F06) [TSM64].
2. Change the Process Date if required.
3. The Status defaults to **A**ll. Optionally change the Status to only display **D**ownloaded (items that have been processed by ), or **O**pen (items that have been downloaded from the Toyota system but not yet processed by ).

The table displays the following: Sequence number within Date, Date and Time logged, File Identification, Status, Completion Time, Results Classification Parts Number, Parts Description, Log Number Heat Number, Cage Number, Storage Quantity, Storage ST, Lane, Bay and Level, Update Type, Storage Order Number (this is the number that was logged and will be used to match the original Storage Upload File).

Retrieval Results Inquiry
-------------------------

This function displays the results of the Retrieval Upload.

1. Choose Toyota ASRS System » Retrieval Results Inquiry (F07) [TSM67].
2. Change the Process Date if required.
3. The Status defaults to **A**ll. Optionally change the Status to only display **D**ownloaded (items that have been processed by ), or **O**pen (items that have been downloaded from the Toyota system but not yet processed by ).

The table displays the following: Sequence number within Date, Date and Time logged, File Identification, Status, Completion Time, Classification, Parts Number, Parts Description, Log Number, Heat Number, Picking Quantity, Storage ST, Lane, Bay and Level, Update Type, Retrieval Order number (this is the number that was logged and will be used to match to the original Retrieval Upload File).

Storage/Retrieval Order Inquiry
-------------------------------

This function displays the results of the match between the uploaded Storage/Retrieval transactions and their corresponding Results transactions.

1. Choose Toyota ASRS System » Storage/Retrieval Order Inquiry [TSM66].
2. Change the Process Date if required.
3. The Headers section displays the Warehouse, Type of Entry, Order Number, Entry Date and Time, Operator, Document Date, Status, Odometers, and Original Document information for SO entries.
4. Select an item in the Header section to see the corresponding details in the lower section: Send Date Key and Sequence Number, Product Code and Description,  Log, Heat No, Location Type, Bin Location, Pieces, IUMs and Weight, System (Toyota) Log, Heat No, Location Type, Bin Location, Pieces, IUMs and Weight.

---